If you wanna go abroad this summer, where should you go?
Well, you haven't come to ask me for the obvious answers,
so I'm not gonna say Switzerland or London.
I'm gonna suggest something more unusual.
First of all, have you thought of the Golden Triangle?
Now we all think of Thailand as being a country of beaches.
We forget that in the North, it's a country of hills,
and there's a part of Thailand,
North of Changrai,
which is no man's land.
It's the river Mekong.
One of the most famous rivers in the world
that borders Thailand, Burma and Laos.
Get on the Mekong and you'll have a holiday you'll remember.
Think of Bhutan
You know for many years, it was a forbidden kingdom, not open.
But Bhutan now welcomes Indians
and as you probably know
it is one of the most beautiful places on Earth.
If you go down south and you go to Sri Lanka,
you'll find a hill station that's pretty much as it should be.
I don't know if you've heard of Nuwera Eliya,
it's the home of the best Sri Lankan tea.
That's a small beautiful town, a hill station
that remains as it was I think when the British created it.
It's around 17 degrees in May.
It's next to Sri Lanka's tallest mountain & transports you to another world.
Have you considered Dubai?
I know many people in Mumbai think of Dubai as no more than a giant shopping mall for their convenience.
There's not just Mumbaikars and people from India who go to Dubai,
lots and lots of Europeans come there.
Now, the good thing is that in May,
because they think it's a desert and they think its very very hot,
they don't come.
What does that mean?
That means Dubai is not so full.
If you gonna go to Dubai, this is the time to go.
You probably know that the Maldives
are now the world's greatest luxury destination with some of the world's most expensive hotels.
May, is the one time of year when those hotels are not so expensive.
So what you do is this: You get to the Maldives, it's not expensive for Indians and,
you find cheap rates at these wonderful Hotels
and each hotel is on a private island, it's surrounded by a lagoon of the clearest blue water.
Fish will swim up to your villa,
you can feed them and you'll never see anything quite as spectacular.
You can get it in May with 1/3rd the cost.
Okay, that's 5 destinations.
All of them are 5 hours from India,
and in some cases, much less than 5 hours.
Also, destinations that are not particularly expensive.
Keep watching & keep asking me things,
because..Hey! Our motto is Askme Anything!